erasing my xf9 with an Android app vide
review for balloons td5 looking for
massive casual Tyler defense gameplay on
your Android look no further than blooms
to d5 this game is packed with single
and now co-op gameplay just received a
new update and all sorts of other
goodies as we get into the gameplay I'm
starting fresh on a medium level there's
different difficulties and you'll find
you'll get bigger rewards depending on
what difficulty you play special agents
are similar to towers but you got to
spend some cash to get them I got the
tribal turtle and they can be accessed
on the right side actually you access
them by using the tap the star on the
bottom left but all your stuff on the
right side as far as your towers are
there they're not all unlocked if
they're red that means you need cash to
get them you can tap on them to upgrade
them and as you continue to play you're
gonna level up each tower will get
continuous upgrades as you get
experience points this game is a ton of
fun there is a load of content in this
game as you can see I'm not going to
make it in this medium level bummer
here are a variety of the different
stores and buildings you can upgrade
your towers your monkeys you've got
settings you got social if you come back
each day you're gonna get a reward
notice the pond there that's good for
the well I call it the pirate ship it's
probably not called the pirate ship I
think it's the Buccaneer Tower but again
it's cool you can also get one of those
portable pools and you can figure out
how to do that notice the upgrade
ability and you're gonna want to do that
this is an easy level cuz I went
backwards just so I could show you some
completion again tons of gameplay in
this app there are 250 plus random
missions 30 plus tracks but they just
had an update before Halloween they
added four new tracks and the balloon a
chipper shredder it's an awesome new
tower that shreds large groups of
balloons like one of those tree
shredders that you Jam branches in so
it's pretty cool this game costs $2.99
in the Google Play Store it's also
available for the iPhone and iPad as
separate apps
balloon td5 is a massive tower defense
game hours and hours of gameplay it's
well worth the value until next time
crazy Mike from crazy Mike's app psych
ops A&C